Looking at the Architecture of our system,
For the most part it adheres to the Model View Controller architecture, 
but some parts of the system works with REST apis as opposed to 
getting the page from server the directly.
In a high level sense, When users access the web application,
 the server sends pages in some parts of the system and 
just json data in some parts and it's presented in the UI acordingly.

Technical Feasibility

To determine the feasibility of developing this system, we looked into few aspects.
To get a sense if the system can be developed with the technologies available to us, 
We'll look at the technical fesibility.
We are using free and open source technologies with huge community support.
Because of that, developers won't have a issue finding slutions to problems they face.
And the community support also means the technologies are trustworthy and suitable for a system like this.


For development, Our team members will be using two IDEs, Vs Code and PhpStorm.
Vs Code is free and we have access to PHpStorm , thanks to the Github student developer pac. 
Both are very capable and enough for us to coding the system.


Economic Feasibility

As costs play a huge role in the development of a system, 
first we determined if developing the system is economically feasible.
As far as technologies go, There is no problem since we are using technologies that are free to use.
All the members of the team can manage internet and electricty costs in the project duration.
Even though hosting a web server can be expensive at times.



Legal and Ethical Feasibility

The system must obey laws and be ethical to be operated wihtout any issues.
We'll look into how we make sure that our system is both legally and ethically feasible.
This system won't face any problems due the the technologies as all of them have very permissive licenses,
 allowing developers to use them as however they want.
Our system won't share user data with any 3rd parties to protect the privacy of users.
To protect user even in the rare event of a data breach,
 we encrypt sensitive user data such as passwords before saving them in databases.
When using our system, users will be presented with a user agreement 
and a privacy policy to get user's consent before collecting their data.
Whenever a user pays through our system, 
users will recieve order confirmations to prove their payments.

Operational Feasibility

Even though a system seems feasible in all other aspects,  
it's important to determine how well the system will solve
the issues identified in requirement gathering. The system offers many features 
to improve the efficiency of he manual process.
It's very easy to supervise the servicing/repairing process with our system.
With a intuitive and user friendly UI, users will be able to adapt our system very easily.
This system also synchronizes online orders and physical purchases to ease with stock management.
Real time notifications will be implemented to easily keep track of servicing/repair progress by both employees and customers.
With instantly accessbile past service records of vehicles, technician's efficiency improves when identifying issues with vehicles.

Considering all these, we believe that developing our system is feasible.

Technologies play a center role in developing of  a system,
So we choosed our technologies carefully.

We chose HTML5, CSS3, and Javascript for frontend of our system.
HTML will essentially form the structure of web pages and CSS will style them
And Javscript makes thos pages interative.

To develop the backend of our system, we use PHP as it has huge community suport and 
we decided that PHP enables us to develop our system easily, 
even under the project restrictions.

We chose MySQL as our primary database and Redis to act as a cache storage.
We'll use git & github to colloborate on our project and for version controlling.
We chose Trello as our project management tool since it's free plan is enough for us.
We will host the application on a VPS from Atlantic.net which is completely free for 12 months and suits our requirements. 

We believe that we were able to propery demonstrate our proposed system.

Thank you!


